In the last lecture we saw that we hit a wall.
If we try to create reusable pieces of code with view chairs but of course such a feature would be nice
to have and therefore Buquet as office components.
And that's not just a little bonus.
This is actually a huge part of the view chairs and it will become even more important once we dive
into the single page application approach.
So let's say I want to have a component which basically outputs my user name which is reusable.
So I'll get rid of this for instance and of this death year.
Instead I wanted to find a view component which I can use in my existing templates in my existing view
instances therefore I'll do it at the very top of my file so that I can use it in all the code below
it.
We define a new component by accessing the view instance without new and without parentheses.
But there we call the static component method.
This method takes two arguments.
The first one is the selector of the component.
And this again is a CSSA selector but typically here you choose D textile.
So for example app username does allows you to now use this component.
Let's say right here at the top at the beginning of our first instance by adding app username clearly
not HVM element you have at your disposal by default but now recognized by future as.
Since we register this as our own component here.
Now the second argument is a javascript object where we configured a component just like we configure
a normal view instance with two important differences though.
The first important difference is we don't set up Al.
We don't need to do that because here we don't control part parts of the dorm.
Instead here we already have a select or we already tell you chairs where we want to insert this component.
The second important piece is data.
Your data is not an object but it's a function which returns the object which then holds the actual
data.
So return.
And then let's say username Max does has something to do with the internals on how beauteous works.
If we were to have an object here it would actually overwrite the optic of abuse such as of the same
component.
So therefore we have to encapsulate our object in a function that's important but you might recognize
the one thing that's all nice we can use our component.
But where do we define the hemol killed of this component.
Well for.
We got a number property we can use that as a template template.
It's normally for a normal instance generated automatically by the task.
As I told you by selecting it with this L element and then Mujeres automatically composites to javascript.
Now since components were the other way around we have to define our template here and the template
is a string.
And this of course means that we have some well things to watch out for.
For example multiline strings it's not that easy to create possible especially with six features like
string expressions but here not super easy.
We'll soon learn a much easier way of creating Capones though.
Let's use a simple way here though let's say that we wanted a paragraph.
So let's create our paragraph here where we output the user name for let's use stringin for Appalachian
the features you learn about eventless sinning interrelation we bind the if for all to work in here
or in this template.
So you I want to put a user name referring to the user name of this component.
For now word control enter.
We therefore see Max here that is our component.
Let's rename it to Chris to see that even clearer.
Chris Antek read thing now is if we reuse this well then as soon as I had control enter We have two
Chris here.
Now we get a reusable component which we can use in any of our view instances.